2023-01-08 governance polls (#2519)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Freeze GNO and set LTV to 0 - January 8, 2024.md

---

> title: Freeze GNO and set LTV to 0 - January 08, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: SparkLend Ethereum - Freeze GNO and set Loan-to-Value to Zero Percent - January 08, 2024
```

summary: Signal your support or opposition to freezing GNO and set LTV to 0
discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/spark-spell-proposed-changes/23298
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-01-08T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-01-11T16:00:00
---

> # Poll: Freeze GNO and set LTV to 0 - January 8, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Poll: SparkLend Ethereum - Freeze GNO and set Loan-to-Value to Zero Percent - January 08, 2024
```

> The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/governance-cycle/weekly-governance-cycle#weekly-governance-cycle-definitions-mip16c1) will be active for three days beginning on Monday,January 8 at 16:00 UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/governance-cycle/weekly-governance-cycle#weekly-governance-cycle-definitions-mip16c1) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, January 8 at 16:00 UTC.
```

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to freezing GNO and set LTV to 0, i.e., disallowing new deposits and setting the LTV to 0 to prevent any new borrows against GNO as collateral without liquidating any existing positions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to freezing GNO market and setting its [Loan-to-Value (LTV)](https://docs.aave.com/risk/asset-risk/risk-parameters#loan-to-value) to **zero percent**. Freezing the market disallows new deposits while setting the LTV to 0 prevents new borrows against GNO as collateral without liquidating existing positions.
```
